DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in
No Guts - No Glory!
KATO: Enjoy your dinner!
I'm sure you're all hungry after exploring all day.
[humming]
[munching noises]
Wow that's really good!
Kato, can I have seconds?
Hey guys... Aaah...
You're not eating?
We're not hungry...
Someone's missing... Julie...
Julie must feel terrible.
Yes of coarse she does...
I can't believe Masquerade...
He got one of Julie's childhood friends
to be one of his battlers!
He's asking for it!
[\u266a]
[whimpering]
Just go back to being your old self!
Get off your high horse!
Why Billy?
Why did you join up with Masquerade?
Why?
DAN: Looks like we've run out places to search
for the Infinity Core...
I guess we're out of luck...
The caves we went to yesterday
have collapsed.
So what should we do now Dan?
Let me think about this...
I know!
Why don't we go check in on Julie!
Are you sure about that?
I don't know
maybe Julie wants some alone time right now!
Hey what gives?
How come last night you were all so worried about her.
[sigh] Oh man...
It's no use Runo...
Dan just doesn't understand
the way a young lady thinks.
That's because I'm a boy!
[Baku-pod rings]
Dan we need to talk now!
Shun?
So did you find something?
Yes I did.
There's a large canyon about 10 kilometers
west from where you are!
It's very similar
to the one that's in Bakugan Valley.
DAN: Really? Great!
Okay then let's go check it out!
Meet you at the plane!
Did he say it's similar to Bakugan Valley?
Well, that's strange...
It doesn't look that similar to me...
Hmm...
I wonder what Shun is up to?
MARUCHO: Wouldn't it be great
if we could find the Infinity Core
out in that canyon?
DAN: I got a good feeling about this...
Maybe this time we're gonna get lucky
and find it!
Hey Shun?
Oo! Yeah!
It's so good to see you Dan!
What's with her?
Uh what are you doing here?
Oh... please...
I'm part of this gang, come on,
you could at least pretend to be happy to see me!
After all I did come a long way to see you!
Miss Julie arrived on her own just a little while ago.
But... then...
You're not upset anymore...
I mean...
about Billy?
Of course not!
You didn't think I was going to go around moping
forever did you?
I have to get up and go!
Go!
Now that's the Julie I used to know!
Yes!
From now on
I'm only looking on the bright side of life!
Okay... So?
Now that I'm here, which room will I be staying in?
Uh? Julie...
All the rooms are occupied.
Oh well, no problem...
I guess I'll have to share a room with Dan here.
SHUN: But I'm in Dan's room.
Yes Dan and Shun had to share a room...
So did Alice and Runo...
So all the rooms are taken
but we'll find a place for you somewhere!
Hey!
If it's okay with Julie
you can stay in my room if you want to!
That's not gonna happen!
RUNO: Okay, you can have this room Julie.
You can take any bed you like.
Thank Runo.
I'm glad I traveled light this time.
JULIE THINKING: Don't worry Billy...
Somehow I'll get you back on the right path...
You'll see...
Hey look everybody!
We're almost there!
I can't wait!
Oh man this is exciting!
Whatever we find,
I hope we don't run into any trouble.
Yeah me too...
We don't want any surprises.
That's right...
I don't understand why Masquerade's gang
keeps showing up wherever we go!
How do they do that?
Yes about that?
Don't you think it's rather strange?
What do you mean?
Maybe it's just a coincidence, that's all.
They seem to know our every move.
Someone must be spying for them.
Do you mean one of us Shun?
No way...
I don't believe it.
You can't be serious!
Are you saying there's a traitor amongst us!
No not here...
There's one more person
who knows of our whereabouts.
ALL: Yeah but who's that?
[sneeze]
[gasp]
I'm talking about Webmaster Joe!
[all gasp]
Oh yeah of course!
Dan, who's Webmaster Joe?
He manages our website...
He's the one who keeps track of everything we do.
We only know him by the handle he goes by,
everything else about him is a mystery.
We've never seen him
and we don't even know where he lives...
But he knows all about the Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
Sounds kinda creepy if you ask me.
Well Joe does a really good job managing the website...
But you never hear from him on line
or in the chat room at all.
And as webmaster,
he can monitor all on line activity
any time he wants.
Then that would mean it's easy for him
to know every move we make!
I see, so that's why you lied about that canyon
in the west.
Huh? He lied?
Therefore bringing us here has all been a set up!
Set up?
Do you understand what it means if the content
of our most recent website chat
has been leaked to Masquerade.
Oh, his gang will show up at the canyon
that Shun found.
Hey hold on...
Shun was lying when he said we might find
the Infinity Core out by that canyon?
Man that's low!
I can't believe you'd do that to us!
It was the only thing I could think of
to find out the truth.
KATO: Our destination is in view...
Take your seats we're going to land.
RUNO: Skyress was right.
This is nothing like Bakugan Valley.
[laughter]
So you Brawlers finally showed up!
SHUN: You see?
You were right!
Do you know me?
My name is Chan Lee!
Let me show you...
the power...
Of the third best Bakugan player!
That's pretty close to the top
she must be really good!
Yeah and Billy was ranked tenth!
Komba was fifth...
Yeah but it's still not number one.
[laughing]
You're not afraid to battle me are you?
No way!
Not a chance!
Wait... Hold on girl, chill out...
What do you want from us?
What's up?
You do like playing Bakugan don't you?
You must have worked hard
to get to the ranking you're at!
Why would you side with someone like Masquerade?
Here's why!
I have the Doom Card!
Wait Dan! Not on your own!
Don't!
We'll have a better chance of beating her
if we battle together!
Sorry...
I have to do this alone guys!
Dan... you sure?
This battle is between me and her...
And I accept the challenge...
Anyway...
I want to test my own strengths right now...
And as long as I've got Drago I can't lose!
Bring it on!
We'll take on the third best Bakugan player
or anyone else who wants to brawl with us!
Drago... Are you ready?
DRAGO: Of course I am.
Then let's do this!
We'll show Masquerade he can't push us around!
Good!
Then let's start the battle!
All right! Field open!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back!
And now back to the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Are you ready Chan Lee!
Bakugan Brawl!
Mantris stand!
Oh please...
Don't tell me all your moves are going to be
that predictable?
Bakugan Brawl!
Manion stand!
Gate card! Open!
Triple battle!
You set a trap...
It's a triple battle then huh?
You better choose your next Bakugan carefully, pal.
DRAGO: Okay Dan, I'm ready!
Send me in!
No not yet!
I want to try something first.
This strategy should work!
Bakugan Brawl!
Pyrus Siege stand!
Huh? What is he thinking?
If I shoot another Bakugan into this triple battle,
then your Mantris
will go straight to the Doom Dimension!
Okay... If that's what you want!
Bakugan Brawl!
Glorious stand!
Ability card activate!
Sling blazer!
I don't believe it!
DAN: Sling Blazer is an ability that only Mantis has!
It means it can throw its opponent to the battle area
next to it!
He beat... Them both!
That's what you call
a surprise attack strategy my style!
Come on!
Let's keep going!
Now I'll try this!
Pyrus Mantris stand!
Not this again!
Your luck's run out!
Bakugan brawl!
Fortris stand!
BAKUPOD: Fortris registers 370 Gs!
DRAGO: This could be difficult Dan.
Fortris is a tough opponent!
Be careful.
I won't lose if I use a Bakugan
with the same attribute of Fire!
I'll toast him with this ability card!
Not quite!
Ability activate!
Face of grief!
Whoa his face changed!
Oh good grief!
I, Fortris, will take away any chance
of you winning this battle!
There is no hope!
CHAN LEE: \"Grief-stricken\" Fortris
makes all his opponent's abilities useless.
No fair! You can't do that!
It's so sad that you can't do anything...
And there's no way to ease your pain...
there's only one place left for you to go!
DAN: No! Mantris!
Fortris's annoying and he's powerful!
He has three different strengths!
Sorrow!
Gentleness!
And anger!
All in one body!
DAN: Talk about split personalities!
CHAN LEE: You haven't seen anything yet!
Come back home boys!
You're still in the battle!
But we defeated them already!
Yeah what gives?
That's because the first card I threw in
was the Revive card...
It comes in handy because the card can restore
any Bakugan that's defeated in battle!
So that means we're back to square one?
No, that's not right!
I lost Mantris so I'm at a disadvantage.
This battle's gone on long enough!
It ends now!
Help me out here Drago!
Bakugan brawl!
Drago stand!
So you decided to bring out your pride and joy
Dragonoid!
Good! Here!
I'll set the field!
Bakugan brawl!
Fortris stand!
I'll show you why I'm ranked third in world.
It's your strongest Bakugan against mine!
Now we'll see if you have the courage
to put it all on the line!
No problem!
Pyrus Siege stand!
BAKUPOD: Fortris has the stronger power level.
No other data available.
DAN: Pyrus Siege! No!
This time the gate cards have been restored?
Now everything's in its right place.
You should thank me Dan!
I set this field up just for you !
It's where your Bakugan will have his last battle!
[laughs]
[growl]
Oh no!
She was planning on getting Drago all alone
from the very beginning!
All right!
Time for the big finish!
Bakugan brawl!
Glorious stand!
Drago!
There's no way I'm going to lose you this way!
She's a top Bakugan player
but it doesn't mean she's better than me!
If we're gonna win this Drago,
we'll have to give it our best shot!
Gate card, open!
Character!
Go! Drago!
Ability card activate!
Boosted Dragon!
Nice one!
That's the way Drago!
You keep doing what you're doing and this one's ours...
Okay!
Time to turn it up a notch!
Go Drago!
Drago stand!
BAKUPOD: Registering a power level increase...
Drago is at 440 G's.
CHAN LEE: Drago's boosted dragon ability
makes him more powerful than I imagined.
But no worries,
I know Dan's only got one more ability card left!
Bakugan brawl!
BAKUPOD: Power level increases detected for both Bakugan.
DAN: Hang in there, Drago!
Wait! Watch this!
Ability card activate!
Amun-Re!
Now Manion's G's are up by 100!
BAKUPOD: Advantage Manion by 100 G's.
DAN: How'd that happen?
Oh no Drago's in trouble!
Drago!
I don't believe it!
BAKUPOD: Drago wins the battle by an increase of 10 G's.
CHAN LEE: It's not possible.
Manion was defeated?
How did he do that?
His Bakugan's G's went up and he didn't even throw down
an ability card.
Drago...
I thought you were a goner for sure.
What happened?
I didn't do anything from here!
I... I don't know Dan.
But my body's burning up...
I'm really hot!
Really hot?
Do you gonna make it?
DRAGO: Yeah, I'll be fine.
I'm starting to cool down now!
Nice one...
I guess you're just burning for a victory
that's all!
Okay, time for the next round!
Bakugan brawl!
You're mine...
Now!
I'm going to make things very hot for you!
Ability Card Activate...
Face of rage!
I am Fortris...
My roaring Flames of Rage burn down everything
that stands in my way!
And I've got my sights on you!
BAKUPOD: Increase detected in Fortris's power level.
Drago's power level has decreased.
They'll need a miracle to beat me this time!
See if you can handle my anger!
Drago!
Now to finish you off!
Flames of rage!
Drago!
That's it! It's over!
DAN: We're not done yet!
What?
Fortris hit him with all his rage,
how could he survive?
Is this some kind of trick?
No trick!
We're still in this game!
Drago's really hot under the collar!
Dan, say the word and I'll light up the battlefield!
No... Stay back...
You can't beat me!
Okay, now it's our turn to play...
I'll throw this ability card
directly onto Boosted Dragon!
Ha! Interesting strategy!
That means our power level will double!
No it'll grow tens times more!
Why should we hold back when we can show them
a power level nobody's ever seen before!
Okay! Let's do it Dan!
Yeah! Ability card activate!
Melt Flare!
He's fusing the abilities!
[roaring]
[rumbling]
How high will it go?
His G's has gone through the roof!
It's time to turn it on!
Boosted dragon!
BOTH: Melt Flare!
No!!
Yeah we did it Drago!
How sweet!
She had the the third place ranking...
And we beat her!
BAKUPOD: Drago at 380 Gs.
What a rush!
You know I don't ever want to come down from here.
Ahh!
Ow. Uh hey?
Where's this?
Hey Dan!
Hi there!
Uh hi guys...
Hey uh?
Where'd Chan Lee go?
[laughs]
You didn't!
Don't tell me you beat her?
The third best Bakugan player in the world?
No sweat!
No one can beat us!
I must agree!
Oh you're greatest!
[laughter]
CHAN LEE THINKING: Well done Dan...
It never occurred to me that your last card
would be a Fusion Ability card...
You won this battle but you won't win the next...
Fortris still has a secret weapon...
I'm sure it will surprise you...
Something for you to look forward to
when we meet again.
[laughing]
I can't believe you actually won!
I never doubted you at all!
That's it...
I guess we know who's responsible.
So it's Webmaster Joe then?
Yes it has to be him.
He's the only one who has access to our website
and all of our communications.
Joe?
Hmm...
I wonder where he is right now!
Time to see what the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
are up to.
Hey gang! Let's eat!
Yeah! Dig in!
Coming up on the Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
we all decide to celebrate Dan's victory against Chan Lee
with a big feast.
And I don't have to clean up the dishes.
But we finally meet Webmaster Joe face to face.
It turns out that as the Brawlers website manager
he hasn't been exactly honest with us!
That's when my Bakugan, Preyus and I
decide to challenge him to a battle.
That leads us into some strange places.
To find out what happens don't miss the next
Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan brawl!